README.md, before:

# funkyboy.zone
Linux server run at funkyboy.zone

# Table Of Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [The Name?](#the-name)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Files](#files)

# Overview
Server is setup using [Salt](https://saltstack.com).  

# The Name?
**Why funkyboy.zone?**  
In one of my favorite movies, 
[Redline](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Redline_(2009_film)), the antagonist 
has a secret weapon named "Funky Boy". I found this humorous, and decided to 
name my Linux server: Funky Boy.

# Setup
1. Create a droplet on DigitalOcean running Void Linux
2. Clone down this repository and initialize the submodules
   ```
   git clone git@github.com:Noah-Huppert/funkyboy.zone.git
   cd funkyboy.zone
   git submodule update --init
   ```
   You must have access to the [funkyboy.zone-secrets](https://github.com/Noah-Huppert/funkyboy.zone-secrets)
   repository. This private repository holds secret setup information.
2. Run the initial setup script:
   ```
   ./client-scripts/init.sh root@funkyboy.zone
   ```
3. Setup rest of server:
   ```
   ./client-scripts/apply.sh root@funkyboy.zone
   ```

# Files
- `server-scripts/` - Scripts to be run on the server
- `client-scripts/` - Scripts to be run on a client
- `{salt,pillar}/` - Salt files

Commit message:

readme: added note about wildcard A record

README.md, after:

# funkyboy.zone
Linux server run at funkyboy.zone

# Table Of Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [The Name?](#the-name)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Files](#files)

# Overview
Server is setup using [Salt](https://saltstack.com).  

# The Name?
**Why funkyboy.zone?**  
In one of my favorite movies, 
[Redline](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Redline_(2009_film)), the antagonist 
has a secret weapon named "Funky Boy". I found this humorous, and decided to 
name my Linux server: Funky Boy.

# Setup
1. Create a droplet on DigitalOcean running Void Linux
2. Setup a wildcard (`*`) `A` DNS record to point to droplet
3. Clone down this repository and initialize the submodules
   ```
   git clone git@github.com:Noah-Huppert/funkyboy.zone.git
   cd funkyboy.zone
   git submodule update --init
   ```
   You must have access to the [funkyboy.zone-secrets](https://github.com/Noah-Huppert/funkyboy.zone-secrets)
   repository. This private repository holds secret setup information.
4. Run the initial setup script:
   ```
   ./client-scripts/init.sh root@funkyboy.zone
   ```
5. Setup rest of server:
   ```
   ./client-scripts/apply.sh root@funkyboy.zone
   ```

# Files
- `server-scripts/` - Scripts to be run on the server
- `client-scripts/` - Scripts to be run on a client
- `{salt,pillar}/` - Salt files
