kubernetes/base/media-server/README.md, before:

# Media Server
Setup to acquire and view TV and movies.

# Table Of Contents
- [Instructions](#setup)
- [Operations](#operations)
- [Development](#development)

# Instructions
1. Create a copy of [`./bases/qbittorrent/patches/pia-vpn-secret-patch.example.yaml`](./bases/qbittorrent/patches/pia-vpn-secret-patch.example.yaml) named `pia-vpn-secret-patch.yaml`, fill in your own values
2. Create a copy of [`./bases/qbittorrent/conf/qbittorrent-port-updater.example.env`](./bases/qbittorrent/conf/qbittorrent-port-updater.example.env) named `qbittorrent-port-updater.env` and fill in your own values

After the manifests have been applied follow the [Initial Setup](#initial-setup) instructions to connect all the services to each other.

# Operations
## Initial Setup
### qBittorrent
- Exec into the qBittorrent container and create directories needed by qBittorrent and the rest of the services:
  ```
  kubectl -n media-server exec -it --container qbittorrent deployment/qbittorrent -- /bin/bash
  ```

  Directories:
  - `/media`
    - `/downloads`
      - `/complete`
      - `/incomplete`
    - `/movies`
    - `/shows`

  Ensure that all the directories are owned by the non root user (In qBittorrent you can chown for the `abc` user)
- Ensure WebUI host header verification is not enabled. If it is then you need to access the web UI by port forwarding the same port the web UI is running on (`8080`). The default login for the web UI is `admin:adminadmin`
- Set the following settings:
  - Downloads
    - Saving Management
      - Default Torrent Management Mode: `Manual`
      - Default Save Path: `/media/downloads/complete`
      - Keep incomplete torrents in: On -> `/media/downloads/incomplete`
  - BitTorrent
    - Seeding Limits
      - When ratio reaches: On -> `0`
      - then: `Pause torrent`
  - Web UI
    - Security
      - Enable Host header validation: Off (This allows us to kubectl port-forward to access the web ui)


### Sonarr Initial Setup
- Add `/media/shows` as the root folder
- Add qBittorrent as a download client (Host: `qbittorrent`, port `80`)

### Radarr Initial Setup
- Add `/media/movies` as the root folder
- Add qBittorrent as a download client (Host: `qbittorrent`, port `80`)

### Prowlarr Initial Setup
- Add Sonarr as an application (Host: `sonarr`, port `80`)
- Add Radarr as an application (Host: `radarr`, port `80`)

### Emby Initial Setup
- When Emby first starts you must navigate to its dashboard to create an initial user
- Add the `/media/shows` and `/media/movies` directories as libraries

### Jellyseerr Initial Setup
- When Jellyseerr first starts you navigate to the dashboard and connect it to the Emby server
- Add Sonarr as a service  (Host: `sonarr`, port `80`)
- Add Radarr as a service (Host: `radarr`, port `80`)

## Web UIs
To access all common web UI's:

```
kubectl -n media-server port-forward service/qbittorrent 8000:qb-web-ui &
kubectl -n media-server port-forward service/sonarr 8001:http &
kubectl -n media-server port-forward service/radarr 8002:http &
```

- [qBittorrent](http://localhost:8000)
- [Sonarr](http://localhost:8001)
- [Radarr](http://localhost:8002)

### qBittorrent Web UI
To view the qBittorrent web UI use `kubectl` to forward the port locally:

```
kubectl -n media-server port-forward service/qbittorrent 8000:qb-web-ui
```

### Sonarr Web UI
To view the Sonarr web UI use `kubectl` to forward the port locally:

```
kubectl -n media-server port-forward service/sonarr 8001:http
```

### Radarr Web UI
To view the Radarr web UI use `kubectl` to forward the port locally:

```
kubectl -n media-server port-forward service/radarr 8002:http
```


### Prowlarr Web UI
To view the Prowlarr web UI use `kubectl` to forward the port locally:

```
kubectl -n media-server port-forward service/prowlarr 8003:http
```

### YouTube DL Web UI
To view the YouTube DL web UI use `kubectl` to forward the port locally:

```
kubectl -n media-server port-forward service/youtube-dl 8004:http
```

# Development
## qBittorrent Pod Network Policies
To restrict the qBittorrent application from being accessed or making requests that are not through the VPN a `NetworkPolicy` is put in place.

The IPs for the VPN were retrieved from the Gluetun container's data. This one-liner will echo Kubernetes `NetworkPolicy` blocks.

```
export PIA_REGION="CA Montreal"
curl -L https://raw.githubusercontent.com/qdm12/gluetun/v3.38.0/internal/storage/servers.json | jq -r ".[\"private internet access\"].servers[] | select(.region == \"$PIA_REGION\") | .ips | .[]" | sort | uniq | xargs -I% echo -e '- ipBlock:\n    cidr: %/32'
```

(Be sure to get the correct SHA for the URL based on the version of Gluetun being used, additionally update the region if needed)

Commit message:

k8s: media-server: wip encoding cache pvc

kubernetes/base/media-server/README.md, after:

# Media Server
Setup to acquire and view TV and movies.

# Table Of Contents
- [Instructions](#setup)
- [Operations](#operations)
- [Development](#development)

# Instructions
1. Create a copy of [`./bases/qbittorrent/patches/pia-vpn-secret-patch.example.yaml`](./bases/qbittorrent/patches/pia-vpn-secret-patch.example.yaml) named `pia-vpn-secret-patch.yaml`, fill in your own values
2. Create a copy of [`./bases/qbittorrent/conf/qbittorrent-port-updater.example.env`](./bases/qbittorrent/conf/qbittorrent-port-updater.example.env) named `qbittorrent-port-updater.env` and fill in your own values

After the manifests have been applied follow the [Initial Setup](#initial-setup) instructions to connect all the services to each other.

# Operations
## Initial Setup
### qBittorrent
- Exec into the qBittorrent container and create directories needed by qBittorrent and the rest of the services:
  ```
  kubectl -n media-server exec -it --container qbittorrent deployment/qbittorrent -- /bin/bash
  ```

  Directories:
  - `/media`
    - `/downloads`
      - `/complete`
      - `/incomplete`
    - `/movies`
    - `/shows`

  Ensure that all the directories are owned by the non root user (In qBittorrent you can chown for the `abc` user)
- Ensure WebUI host header verification is not enabled. If it is then you need to access the web UI by port forwarding the same port the web UI is running on (`8080`). The default login for the web UI is `admin:adminadmin`
- Set the following settings:
  - Downloads
    - Saving Management
      - Default Torrent Management Mode: `Manual`
      - Default Save Path: `/media/downloads/complete`
      - Keep incomplete torrents in: On -> `/media/downloads/incomplete`
  - BitTorrent
    - Seeding Limits
      - When ratio reaches: On -> `0`
      - then: `Pause torrent`
  - Web UI
    - Security
      - Enable Host header validation: Off (This allows us to kubectl port-forward to access the web ui)


### Sonarr Initial Setup
- Add `/media/shows` as the root folder
- Add qBittorrent as a download client (Host: `qbittorrent`, port `80`)

### Radarr Initial Setup
- Add `/media/movies` as the root folder
- Add qBittorrent as a download client (Host: `qbittorrent`, port `80`)

### Prowlarr Initial Setup
- Add Sonarr as an application (Host: `sonarr`, port `80`)
- Add Radarr as an application (Host: `radarr`, port `80`)

### Emby Initial Setup
- When Emby first starts you must navigate to its dashboard to create an initial user
- Add the `/media/shows` and `/media/movies` directories as libraries
- Setup "Folder Sync / Downloading" to pre-transcode media so it doesn't have to be done on the fly:
  - Install the "Folder Sync" plugin
  - Add a folder to "Folder Sync" named "Encoding Cache" with the `/encoding-cache` path
  - In the media browser click "Download to" in the context menu for the TV and Movies libraries to setup the following pre-transcoding profiles for each library:
    > Note: For the "Profile" this is a selection of codecs and encodings not the name of the library
    - Profile: TV, Quality: 4Mbps
    - Profile: TV, Quality: 1.5Mbps

### Jellyseerr Initial Setup
- When Jellyseerr first starts you navigate to the dashboard and connect it to the Emby server
- Add Sonarr as a service  (Host: `sonarr`, port `80`)
- Add Radarr as a service (Host: `radarr`, port `80`)

## Web UIs
To access all common web UI's:

```
kubectl -n media-server port-forward service/qbittorrent 8000:qb-web-ui &
kubectl -n media-server port-forward service/sonarr 8001:http &
kubectl -n media-server port-forward service/radarr 8002:http &
```

- [qBittorrent](http://localhost:8000)
- [Sonarr](http://localhost:8001)
- [Radarr](http://localhost:8002)

### qBittorrent Web UI
To view the qBittorrent web UI use `kubectl` to forward the port locally:

```
kubectl -n media-server port-forward service/qbittorrent 8000:qb-web-ui
```

### Sonarr Web UI
To view the Sonarr web UI use `kubectl` to forward the port locally:

```
kubectl -n media-server port-forward service/sonarr 8001:http
```

### Radarr Web UI
To view the Radarr web UI use `kubectl` to forward the port locally:

```
kubectl -n media-server port-forward service/radarr 8002:http
```


### Prowlarr Web UI
To view the Prowlarr web UI use `kubectl` to forward the port locally:

```
kubectl -n media-server port-forward service/prowlarr 8003:http
```

### YouTube DL Web UI
To view the YouTube DL web UI use `kubectl` to forward the port locally:

```
kubectl -n media-server port-forward service/youtube-dl 8004:http
```

# Development
## qBittorrent Pod Network Policies
To restrict the qBittorrent application from being accessed or making requests that are not through the VPN a `NetworkPolicy` is put in place.

The IPs for the VPN were retrieved from the Gluetun container's data. This one-liner will echo Kubernetes `NetworkPolicy` blocks.

```
export PIA_REGION="CA Montreal"
curl -L https://raw.githubusercontent.com/qdm12/gluetun/v3.38.0/internal/storage/servers.json | jq -r ".[\"private internet access\"].servers[] | select(.region == \"$PIA_REGION\") | .ips | .[]" | sort | uniq | xargs -I% echo -e '- ipBlock:\n    cidr: %/32'
```

(Be sure to get the correct SHA for the URL based on the version of Gluetun being used, additionally update the region if needed)
